.TH sdagent-config 1 "22 Feb 2013" "sdagent-config" "Supportconfig Diagnostic Manual"
.SH NAME
sdagent-config - Supportconfig Diagnostic Agent Configuration
.SH SYNOPSIS
sdagent-config -h <broker> -p <sdagent_password> -i <input_url> -e <admin_email> [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Configures the Agent Server to communicate with the Broker Server. the \fBsdagent-config\fR configures the agent itself and is run on the Agent Server, while the \fBsetup-sdagent\fR configures the database entries and is run on the Broker Server. For detailed installation instructions, see \fI/usr/share/doc/packages/scdiag/README\fR.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-H\fR
Show this help screen.
.TP
\fB\-D\fR
Bypass the initial agent pattern download. The SVN repository is stored in code.google.com. This option can be used if you don't have network access to google code. If you use this option, you must get the patterns manually and copy them to the server. The \fBsdagent-patterns\fR use svn up to update the pattern directory.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR
Do not clear the screen. Helpful for running in scripts.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR \fIstring\fR
The DNS hostname for the Broker Server.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR \fIstring\fR
The MySQL sdagent password. The password is initially set based on the user schema file \fI/usr/share/doc/packages/scdiag/ServerDiagnostics_Users.sql\fR.
.TP
.TP
\fB\-i\fR \fIstring\fR
Input source URL. Specifies the source location of the supportconfig archives to analyze. Supported formats: ftp and file. See \fBsdagent.conf\fR(5)
.RS
Examples:
.RE
.RS
.B ftp://ftp.server.org/incoming
.RE
.RS
.B file:///srv/ftp/
.RE
.TP
\fB\-i\fR \fIstring\fR
Output source URL. Specifies the location to put HTML reports if POST_REPORT is set. If not specified, the same value for the input source will be used for the output source. See \fBsdagent.conf\fR(5)
.TP
\fB\-l\fR \fIstring\fR
Overrides local hostname. The value is used in the ServerDiagnostics database for the agent's name. The default is to use the local server's hostname, but this option will override it with the name you specify.
.RS
Default: local hostname
.RE
.TP
\fB\-e\fR \fIemail\fR
Configures the administrator email notification address. Any email alerts generated by \fBsdagent\fR or \fBsdagent-worker\fR will be sent to this address. 
.TP
\fB\-s\fR \fIemail\fR
Configures the HTML report email address.
.RS
Default: Same as the admin email
.RE
.TP
\fB\-t\fR
Enables HTML report posts and email.
.PD
.SH AUTHOR
Jason Record <jrecord@suse.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR setup-sdagent (1)
.BR sdagent-config.conf (5)

