.TH sdagent.conf 5 "16 Jan 2014" "sdagent.conf" "Supportconfig Diagnostic Manual"
.SH NAME
sdagent.conf - Supportconfig Diagnostic Agent configuration file
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBsdagent.conf\fR file has default values for variables used by several Agent Server applications. The following applications use the \fBsdagent.conf\fR file: \fBsdagent\fR, \fBsdagent-worker\fR, \fBsdagent-patterns\fR.
.SH GLOBAL VARIABLES
.TP
INSRC
Input source. The complete input source location of supportconfig archives to be processed. This URL is broken into individual components by \fBsdagent-config\fR for faster processing because \fBsdagent\fR and its worker threads are run frequently. The components are INSRC_TYPE, INSRC_HOST and INSRC_DIR.
.RS
Run \fBsdagent-config\fR to configure.
.RE
.RS
Examples:
.RE
.RS
.B ftp://ftp.novell.com/incoming
.RE
.RS
.B file:///srv/ftp
.RE
.TP
INSRC_TYPE
Input source type. This is the type component of the INSRC. There are two supported input source types: ftp and file
.RS
Run \fBsdagent-config\fR to configure.
.RE
.TP
INSRC_HOST
Input source host. This is the hostname component of the INSRC.
.RS
Run \fBsdagent-config\fR to configure.
.RE
.TP
INSRC_DIR
Input source directory. This is the directory component of the INSRC. 
.RS
Run \fBsdagent-config\fR to configure.
.RE
.TP
OUTSRC
Output source. The complete output source location for HTML generated reports to be posted. This URL is broken into individual components by \fBsdagent-config\fR for faster processing because \fBsdagent\fR and its worker threads are run frequently. The components are OUTSRC_TYPE, OUTSRC_HOST and OUTSRC_DIR.
.RS
Run \fBsdagent-config\fR to configure.
.RE
.RS
Examples:
.RE
.RS
.B ftp://ftp.novell.com/incoming
.RE
.RS
.B file:///srv/ftp
.RE
.TP
OUTSRC_TYPE
Output source type. This is the type component of the OUTSRC. There are two supported input source types: ftp and file
.RS
Run \fBsdagent-config\fR to configure.
.RE
.TP
OUTSRC_HOST
Output source host. This is the hostname component of the OUTSRC.
.RS
Run \fBsdagent-config\fR to configure.
.RE
.TP
OUTSRC_DIR
Output source directory. This is the directory component of the OUTSRC. 
.RS
Run \fBsdagent-config\fR to configure.
.RE
.TP
ARCH_LOCATION
The URL where archives are stored and follows the INSRC format.
.RS
Default: $INSRC
.RE
.TP
AGENT_ID
The Agent Server's MySQL ID that identifies it in the database on the Broker Server.
.RS
Run \fBsdagent-config\fR to configure.
.RE
.TP
AGENT_PRIORITY_GROUP
When multiple Agent Servers are processing archives, you may want some Agent Servers to handle most of the work, while others are backup in case the primary Agent Servers are too busy. The smaller the number the higher the priority. You can have multiple agents with the same priority number. This value causes the \fBsdagent\fR to delay assigning archives to its worker threads. The value is measured in seconds. So you might want two Agent Servers to wait 5 seconds before assigning archives, which would give Agent Servers with a lower priority access to the archives sooner. 
.RS
Default: 0
.RE
.TP
DELAY_RETRY
The \fBsdagent-worker\fR waits DELAY_RETRY seconds before attempting to download or upload files. It applies to ftp INSRC_TYPE and OUTSRC_TYPE only.
.RS
Default: 20
.RE
.TP
MAX_HOST_RETRY
The maximum number of retry attempts to connect to the ftp INSRC or OUTSRC waiting DELAY_RETRY seconds each time. By default the \fBsdagent-worker\fR will attempt 6 times waiting 20 seconds each try when downloading or uploading files. If the agent worker thread fails to connect, it will mark the archive for retry. The archive will be reprocessed according to MAX_ARCHIVE_RETRY. 
.RS
Default: 6
.RE
.TP
MAX_ARCHIVE_RETRY=8
The maximum number of times to retry an archive analysis. When an archive cannot be processed for some reason, the agent may attempt to retry the analysis. The number of times an archive has been retried is logged in the Archives table and the RetryCount field. Once that field value exceeds the MAX_ARCHIVE_RETRY, the agent will mark the archive with an Error and stop attempting the analysis.
.RS
Default: 8
.RE
.TP
MAX_DISK_HEALTH
The maximum percent of used disk space allowed before declaring the Agent Server unhealthy. The Agent Server will be marked inactive until disk space is freed and the agent reset using \fBscadb\fR(1).
.RS
Default: 98
.RE
.TP
MAX_ARCHIVE_SIZE
The maximum supportconfig archive size that will be considered for analysis. Archives greater than this size will be ignored. The value is file size in bytes.
.RS
Default: 3221225472
.RE
.TP
POST_REPORT
When set to 1, the \fBsdagent-worker\fR will build an HTML report file and post it into the OUTSRC directory.
.RS
Default: 0
.RE
.TP
ALL_PATTERNS
When an analysis pattern results in an error or not applicable result, it is excluded from the MySQL database. The inapplicable results are usually excluded because they take up too much space in the database. However, if you want them logged in the database, change this value to 1.
.RS
Default: 0
.RE
.TP
ARCHIVE_MODE
Once the \fBsdagent-worker\fR downloads and processes the supportconfig archive, it usually deletes it. Setting this option to 1 tells the agent worker thread to keep the file on the local filesystem. 
.RSpriority
Default: 0
.RE
.TP
SCA_WORK
The agent's home working directory.
.RS
Default: /var/tmp/sca
.RE
.TP
PATTERN_LIBRARY_BASE
The supportconfig pattern SVN repository directory. The perl patterns used to analyze the supportconfig text files are located here. 
.RS
Default: /usr/lib/sca/patterns/
.RE
.TP
PATTERNS
The supportconfig pattern repository manifest. It contains a list of all the usable patterns found in PATTERN_LIBRARY_BASE and is updated by \fBsdagent-patterns\fR(1).
.RS
Default: /var/tmp/sca/manifest.patterns
.RE
.TP
BASHLIB
The Bash library location for the supportconfig pattern repository. The bash patterns \fBsdagent-worker\fR uses requires bash libraries located in this directory.
.RS
Default: /usr/lib/sca/patterns/lib/bash
.RE
.TP
PERL5LIB
The Perl library location for the supportconfig pattern repository. The perl patterns \fBsdagent-worker\fR uses requires perl libraries located in this directory.
.RS
Default: /usr/lib/sca/patterns/lib/perl
.RE
.TP
PYTHONPATH
The Python library location for the supportconfig pattern repository. The python patterns \fBsdagent-worker\fR uses requires python libraries located in this directory.
.RS
Default: /usr/lib/sca/patterns/lib/python
.RE
.TP
EMAIL_ADMIN
The administrator email notification address. Any email alerts generated by \fBsdagent\fR or \fBsdagent-worker\fR will be sent to this address. 
.RS
Run \fBsdagent-config\fR to configure.
.RE
.TP
EMAIL_REPORT
The report email notification address. If STATUS_NOTIFY_LEVEL is set, the HTML report file will be emailed to the EMAIL_REPORT user.
.RS
Run \fBsdagent-config\fR to configure.
.RE
.TP
DB_USER
The MySQL database user for all Agent Server database operations. The \fBsdagent\fR user is included in the schema and created by default.
.RS
\fBWARNING:\fR Do not change this value.
.RE
.RS
Default: sdagent
.RE
.TP
DB_PASS
The DB_USER password for the \fBsdagent\fR MySQL database user.
.RS
Run \fBsdagent-config\fR to configure.
.RE
.TP
DB_NAME
The main MySQL database name for the Supportconfig Diagnostic Tool infrastructure located on the Broker Server.
.RS
\fBWARNING:\fR Do not change this value.
.RE
.RS
Default: ServerDiagnostics
.RE
.TP
DB_CONNECT
MySQL connection information. Includes the DB_USER, DB_PASS and DB_NAME necessary for the Agent Server to access the ServerDiagnostics database on the Broker Server.
.TP
LOGLEVEL
The agent log level. Valid options are LOGLEVEL_SILENT, LOGLEVEL_MIN, LOGLEVEL_NORMAL, LOGLEVEL_VERBOSE and LOGLEVEL_DEBUG.
.RS
Default: LOGLEVEL_MIN
.RE
.TP
EMAIL_LEVEL
The level of alerts sent to the administrator's email. Valid options are EMAIL_SILENT, EMAIL_MIN, EMAIL_NORMAL, EMAIL_VERBOSE and EMAIL_DEBUG. 
.RS
Default: EMAIL_MIN
.RE
.TP
STATUS_NOTIFY_LEVEL
The minimum severity level required to justify sending an email report to the EMAIL_REPORT user. Valid options in order from least to greatest are STATUS_OFF, STATUS_SUCCESS, STATUS_RECOMMEND, STATUS_WARNING and STATUS_CRITICAL.
.PD
.SH AUTHOR
Jason Record <jrecord@suse.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR \fBsdagent\fR (1)
.BR \fBsdagent-worker\fR (1)
.BR sdagent-config (1)
