.TH SDAGENT 8 "03 Jul 2014" "sca-appliance-agent" "Supportconfig Analysis Manual"
.SH NAME
sdagent - SCA Agent Manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
sdagent [OPTIONS]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The agent manager assigns new archives to worker threads to be analyzed. The agent worker will download, extract and analyze the supportconfig archive assigned to it. The agent and agent workers update the MySQL database with an archive status as it processes each archive. An agent can run on the broker server or its own dedicated server. The Agent Server must have MySQL access to the MySQL database on the broker server. It also must have a copy of the SVN repository containing all the supportconfig diagnostic patterns.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Show this help screen.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR \fIinteger\fR
Agent log level. Used to override the LOGLEVEL defined in \fBsdagent.conf\fR. A value of 0 turns off logging, and 4 is debug.
.RS
Valid Range: 0-4
.RE
.TP
\fB\-w\fR \fIinteger\fR
Agent worker log level. Used to override the LOGLEVEL_WORKER defined in \fBsdagent.conf\fR. A value of 0 turns off logging, and 4 is debug.
.RS
Valid Range: 0-4
.RE
.TP
\fB\-d\fR
Deactivates the current agent by setting the agent state to inactive, the current threads to zero and reassigning all archives to a retry state.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR
Activates the current agent by setting the agent state to active.
.PD
.SH AUTHOR
Jason Record <jrecord@suse.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR sdagent.conf (5)
.BR sdagent-config (8)
